Port fix gitlab exporter (#223)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/gitlab/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

0.1.26 (2023-11-07)
===================

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed a bug of not finding merge requests on hook event (#1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug caused status code 404 when trying to sync merge requests on hook event (#1)
```

> - Fixed a bug of sending binary data when `file://` is configured in `port.yml` (#2)

Reviewer: Fixed a bug that caused reading file with GitOps to fail
